Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style . We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. If you have any questions, inquires, requests or complaints concerning our Privacy Policy or information practices, please contact us at

As used in this Privacy Policy, "we", "us", or "our" refer to Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style and all of its subsidiaries.

Your privacy is important to Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style . We designed our Privacy Policy to cover how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. Please familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions.

Our Privacy Policy applies only to the collection; use and disclosure of personal information that you may decide to provide to us in your use of our applications for mobile platforms or devices and our web applications accessible on third party social networking services. Any and all of our Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Applications, are referred to herein as our "Services".

We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time. If we modify this Privacy Policy in a material way, a notice will be posted in our Services and on the Sites along with the updated Privacy Policy. We will also update the "Last Updated Date" in the Privacy Policy. By continuing to access or use the Services after we have posted an updated Privacy Policy or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If the modified Privacy Policy is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Services.

Please visit this page periodically to remain up-to-date as to any Privacy Policy changes. Take a moment now to read the following to learn about our information collection practices that may impact you as a registered user with full access to our Services or a non-registered user of our Services (each a " Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User "). For information regarding the collection and use of Personal Information (defined below) from children under 14 years old, see the Section below, entitled "Our Policy Toward Children".

We Collect Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information

In the course of using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, and email address (" Personal Information "). We will collect, use, transfer and disclose Personal Information in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

We also collect non-personal information, which is data in a form that does not permit direct association with you or any specific individual (" Non-Identifying Information "). Non-Identifying Information is aggregated and used to help improve our Services and Third Party Mobile Applications (defined below) by providing a better way to understand the Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User experience with the level of interest in various portions of our Sites, specific Applications or specific Third-Party Mobile Applications. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose

Non-Identifying Information for any purpose; details provided in this Privacy Policy about what Non-Identifying Information we collect currently, and how we use, transfer and disclose such Non-Identifying Information concern only how such information is collected and used today.

Both Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information may be used alone or in the aggregate with information collected from other Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Users. Our primary objective in collecting any Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information is to provide you with a superior and personally relevant user experience.

How we use your Personal Information

Your Personal Information may be used, for instance:

To help us to develop, deliver, and improve our Services and advertising;

To recommend products of interest directly to you;

For market research purposes that support our efforts to deliver a more valuable service to our community of Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Users;

For example, we may use your Personal Information to contact you with announcements, and promotional materials related to our Services or to offer you opportunities to participate in surveys, contests or sweepstakes (any of these a "Promotion") via our Services.

If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. (See "Changing or Removing Information" below for further information.)

To allow us to keep you posted regarding our latest Service announcements, software updates, and upcoming events;

To send important notices, such as communications about your purchases and changes to our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, or other Service-specific policies. Because this information is important to your interactions with Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style , you may not opt out of receiving these communications;

To audit and analyze data to improve our Services and customer communications.

How we use your Personal Information

One of the instances when we collect your Personal Information is in connection with your registration on our Services.

If you are a Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User, you can register either via an Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Application or via a third-party application utilizing our Services (" Third Party Mobile Application ") that was designed for mobile telephones or other mobile devices by a third-party publisher (" Third Party Publisher ").

In connection with registration of Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Users on our Services, we collect Personal Information which may include your email address, as well as information on mobile device type, mobile carrier, unique mobile device identifier ("Device ID"), Internet Protocol ("IP") address and geo location, as applicable. We use your Device ID to make it possible to authenticate and understand your use of our Services, or the Third Party Mobile Application that you may choose to access through our Services.

Related to this information collection, our Services may serve ads that contain links to other Third-Party Mobile Applications, and we may utilize your Device ID to track clicks or other ad fulfillment metrics. Our use of your Device ID does not enable us to identify you personally, and we do not store this information in connection with your Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User account information.

You may also be asked explicitly to provide Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information anytime that you are in contact with Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style company. If your Personal Information or Non-Identifying Information is shared with our affiliates, such sharing will be in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Cookies Other Technologies

As is standard practice, we use "cookies" to help us study traffic patterns and understand the effectiveness of our marketing communications. A cookie is a small string of text that we send to your computer’s or mobile device’s browser. Other types of cookies exist, but the cookies we use in connection with our Services are only used to obtain browser-specific information. For example, we do not use cookies to retrieve data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses, or capture your email address. Cookies we use can reveal, for instance, which pages are the most popular, how much time Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Users are spending there, and how they are interacting with the content on such pages.

You have the option to disable cookies by changing the options in your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the pages you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to view or use all portions of our Services due to limited functionality.

Some of our Services, including email messaging, use "click-through URLs" linked to other content on our Services. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in topics, Services usability and other measures of Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User engagement.

We may also use "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (individually or collectively " Pixel Tags ") in connection with our Services and to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user’s hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.

When you use our Services or Third-Party Mobile Applications, our servers automatically record information that your browser or the applicable Service or Third-Party Mobile Application sends ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s or mobile device’s IP address, browser type, language, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, time spent, information searched for, time and date stamp, clickstream data and other statistics. We use this information to monitor, analyze and understand trends, for technical administration of Services and Third-Party Mobile Applications, and to gather demographic information about our Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User base as a whole. We, and Third Party Publishers may use this information for product and services improvements, and in marketing and advertising services.

With Third Parties for Industry Analysis

In addition to sharing aggregated Non-Identifying Information with Third Party Publishers, we may also share aggregated Non-Identifying Information with advertisers and ad networks (" Advertising Entities ") with whom we have strategic relationships. Unless you specifically opt in to share your Personal Information, the information that we share with these third parties will only be used in the form of Non-Identifying Information to support user trend analyses and demographic profiling. Some Third Party Publishers and Advertising Entities also act as Service Providers (defined below) to us, so in those cases we will share your information as described below.

With Preferred Partners

We may share your username, email address and Device ID (collectively, " Specific Shared Data ") with certain of our Third Party Publishers and other business partners ("Preferred Partners ") for those parties to assist us with providing you with the aspect of the Services for which you provided such Specific Shared Data to us, and to use such Specific Shared Data to provide you with information and marketing materials about Third Party Mobile Applications and other products and services in order, for example, to further enhance your use of our Services and to augment your gaming and social networking experience generally. In addition, in the event of a user inquiry concerning Third Party Publishers or Third Party Applications, we may send Specific Shared Data as well as the inquiry to a Preferred Partner to address the inquiry.

We only share such information with Preferred Partners pursuant to an agreement by which the Preferred Partner is under obligations not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. You may contact us by any of the means provided in the "Contacting Us" section below to request not to have such information provided to Preferred Partners, understanding, however, that if such information is not shared with Preferred Partners it may affect your ability to use or access portions of the Services.

Some Preferred Partners also act as Service Providers (defined below) to us, and in those cases we may also share Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information as described below.

With Third Party Social Networking Services (SNSs)

As a user with an account, you may link your Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style account information with certain SNSs where other Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style Users have existing SNS accounts. In these instances, with your permission and on your behalf, we will share your email address and screen name or alias with the applicable SNS. Through use of such services’ application programming interfaces (APIs) we can receive certain information (which may include your Personal Information) in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your SNS account, if any.

Other than what we may share with the SNS in connection with your linking of accounts, the personal information an SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Services. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other services you use.

How We Protect Your Personal Information

Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style takes your privacy very seriously and employs administrative, physical and electronic measures to safeguard your information from identity theft and unauthorized access. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited communication (e.g. via e-mail, telephone, mobile device).

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Sites in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

Changing or Removing Information

As a user of an account, you may update or delete the Personal Information in your profile by logging into your account. You may also email us at pWallpaper@gmail.com to request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Specific Shared Data cannot be retrieved from Preferred Partners after its disclosure.

Where you share information with other users through the communication channels of our Services, you generally should not expect to have any ability to modify or remove such communications. Nor should you expect us to modify or delete your comments upon your request.

If your friend received an invitation from Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style per your referral to try the Services, your friend may request that the name and email address used in the invitation be removed from Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style ’s records. We store this information for the sole purposes of measuring the effectiveness of our referral program and sending the email you initiated, but your friend can request to have it removed from our database by emailing us at

Links to Other Websites and Services

Our Services may contain links to other websites and online services or offers from third parties. For example, our Services may include offers from third party advertisers or the ability to engage in transactions with such entities. If an Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User with an account chooses to participate in offer-linked information requests or "clicks on" an advertisement or another third party link, such Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style User may be directed to that third party’s website or service and/or be prompted to provide Personal Information in connection with such activity.

The fact that we link to a third party website or service is not an endorsement or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of such third party’s privacy or information security policies or practices or their compliance with laws. We do not exercise control over third party websites or services. These other websites or services may place their own cookies or other files on your computer or mobile devices, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites and services you use and the terms of the offers in which you participate. You agree that Pixel Wallpaper - Simple Style is not responsible for, nor will it be liable to you or any third party for, your interaction with such third parties or the information requests initiated by such third parties or the subsequent use, treatment or dissemination of the information you voluntarily choose to provide to them.

Contacting Us

If you have any questions, inquires, requests or complaints concerning our Privacy Policy or information practices, please contact us at pWallpaper@gmail.com