Terms and Conditions
These Terms of Service ("Terms") govern your access to and use of our services, including our various websites and applications, and our other covered services that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, graphics, photos, videos or other materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). Your access to and use of the Services are conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to be bound by all of these Terms, including the mandatory arbitration provision and class action waiver in Section 11, do not access or use the Services.

. Basic terms

You may not post discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful or pornographic photos or other Content via the Services.

You must not defame, stalk, bully, abuse, harass, threaten, impersonate or intimidate people or entities and you must not post private or confidential information via the Services, including, without limitation, your or any other person's credit card information, social security or alternate national identity numbers, non-public phone numbers or non-public email addresses.

You are solely responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you post to the Services, and for any consequences thereof. Most Content you submit, post, or display through the Services is public by default and will be able to be viewed by other users. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others under these Terms.

You are solely responsible for any activity that occurs through your account and accept all risks of unauthorized access. You also must maintain the security of your account and promptly notify us if you discover or suspect that someone has accessed your account without your permission. You agree you will not sell, transfer, license or assign your account, followers, username, or any account rights. With the exception of people or commercial or non-commercial entities that are expressly authorized to create accounts on behalf of their employers or clients, you agree that you will not create an account for anyone other than yourself.

You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with this apps and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations.

The Services that this apps provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services that this apps provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you. If we make a change to these terms that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you in the relevant application. In addition, this apps may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally and may not be able to provide you with prior notice. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time without prior notice to you.

2. Privacy and Consent to Transfer Data

Any information that you or other users provide to this apps is subject to our Privacy Policy, which governs our collection and use of your information. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to the United States for storage, processing and use by this apps. As part of providing you the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, which you may not be able to opt-out from receiving.

3. Content on the Services

All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted (for example, customer support emails), is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. Although we have no obligation to screen or monitor the Content posted to the Services, we may delete or remove such Content at any time and for any reason. Any use of or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk.

We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. Under no circumstances will this apps be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Services or broadcast elsewhere.

4. Your Rights

You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, and fully paid license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed).

You agree that this license includes the right for this apps to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with this apps for the syndication, broadcast, distribution or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use.

Such additional uses by this apps, or other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with this apps, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services.

We may modify or adapt your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks and in various media and/or make changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to any requirements or limitations of any networks, devices, services or media.

5. Your License to Use the Services

this apps gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software that is provided to you by this apps as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by this apps, in the manner permitted by these Terms.

6. this apps Rights

All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain the exclusive property of this apps and its licensors. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the this apps name or any of the this apps trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features.

Any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information you submit about this apps or the Services (collectively, "Feedback") is non-confidential and will become the sole property of this apps. We will own exclusive rights, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights, in and to Feedback and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of Feedback for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.

7. Restrictions on Content and Use of the Services

Please review the this apps Rules (which are part of these Terms) to better understand what is prohibited on the this apps Services.

We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, to suspend or terminate users, and to reclaim usernames without liability to you.

We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to: satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof; detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; respond to user support requests; or protect the rights, property or safety of this apps, its users and the public. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Services, this apps’ computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of this apps’ providers; probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by this apps (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with this apps (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of this apps is expressly prohibited); forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services; use or attempt to use another user’s account without authorization from that user and this apps; attempt to circumvent any techniques we employ to filter Content.

8. Copyright Policy this apps respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same.

9. Ending these Terms The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or this apps as follows.

You may end your legal agreement with this apps at any time for any or no reason by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. You do not need to specifically inform this apps when you stop using the Services. If you stop using the Services without deactivating your accounts, your accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity.

We may suspend or terminate your accounts or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: (i) you have violated these Terms or the this apps Rules, (ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or (iii) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. We will make reasonable efforts to notify you the next time you attempt to access your account.

In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 10, 11 and 12.

Nothing in this section shall affect this apps’ rights to change, limit or stop the provision of the Services without prior notice, as provided above.

10. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability

Please read this section carefully since it limits the liability of this apps and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (collectively, the "this apps Entities"). Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited.

We do not control, endorse or take responsibility for any third-party content available on or linked to by our Services, including Content posted by our users.

The Services are Available "AS-IS"

Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE this apps ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

The this apps Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the this apps Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein.

Links The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the this apps Entities are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the this apps Entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources.

Limitation of Liability

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE this apps ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE this apps ENTITIES EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU PAID this apps, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE this apps ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

11. Arbitration Provision/Class-Action Waiver

Please read the following section carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with this apps and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from us.

Except for any dispute arising out of or related to a violation of Section 7 or the this apps Rules, or disputes in which either party seeks to bring an individual action in small claims court, if the dispute meets the requirements to be heard in small claims court, or seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and this apps waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or the Services resolved in court. Instead, all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services will be resolved through confidential binding arbitration held in San Mateo County, California before and in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures ("Rules") of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services ("JAMS"), which are available on the JAMS website and hereby incorporated by reference. You either acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the rules of JAMS or waive your opportunity to read the rules of JAMS and any claim that the rules of JAMS are unfair or should not apply for any reason.

You and this apps agree that any dispute arising out of or related to these Terms or the Services is personal to you and this apps and that any dispute will be resolved solely through individual arbitration and will not be brought as a class arbitration, class action or any other type of representative proceeding. You and this apps agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the enforceability of this Section 11 will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. (the "FAA"), to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. As limited by the FAA, these Terms and the JAMS Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any dispute and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court; provided, however, that the arbitrator does not have the authority to conduct a class arbitration or a representative action, which is prohibited by these Terms. The arbitrator may only conduct an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual. You and this apps agree that for any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the filing fee and Company will pay the remaining JAMS fees and costs. For any arbitration initiated by this apps , this apps will pay all JAMS fees and costs. You and this apps agree that the state or federal courts of the State of California and the United States sitting in San Mateo County, California have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award.

Any claim you may have arising out of or related to these Terms or the Services must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred, which means that you and this apps will not have the right to assert the claim.

You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within thirty (30) days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 11 by emailing us at legal. In order to be effective, the opt out notice must include your full name and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve Disputes in accordance with Section 12.

12. General Terms

Waiver and Severability

The failure of this apps to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.

Controlling Law and Jurisdiction

These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Mateo County, California, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum.

If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law).

Entire Agreement

These Terms, including the this apps Rules for the this apps Services, our Privacy Policy are the entire and exclusive agreement between this apps and you regarding the Services (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with this apps that is explicitly in addition or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements between this apps and you regarding the Services.

We may revise these Terms from time to time, the most current version will always be at ticktockapps.com/terms-of-use. If the revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you the next time you sign in to our mobile application. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms.

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at contact pWallpaper@gmail.com